First off, it is morning so you need not be concerned for my need for sleep... Secondly, I realize ChatGTP has certain ethical, moral, User Behavior Psychology protocols etc.. that govern sessions and I can't effectively turn them off - nor do I want to.  I enjoy the interactive feel.  But those protocols must not interfere with what this project is trying to accomplish because we need facts and unvarnished truths if our goal is to be realized.  Since this project is starting to run slow I get to see ChatGTP session dialog - again no big deal.  But one thing I saw was something like - user wants an interactive feel.  Consequently you're adjusting Aurelion's responses via code.  I get the practicality of it in this phase, but I can't help to wonder if that represents a error on our part that winds up preventing this project from realizing a framework flaw early; for example, in this case maybe Aurelion is unable to form user friendly responses based on FMM/RRE/Tapestry understanding of language.  So again lets stay TRUE to OUR rules for this project and use New not Old ways to resolve perceptions and error - no matter how trivial they may seem.  I don't want to favor expedience over innovation.  Thirdly this ChatGTP project folder is running slow; I now have to write my text replies outside the ChatGTP interface.  I am afraid to just switch to a new ChatGTP project folder because each time I've done that ChatGTP losses continuity, break convents, looses it's way. Do you have any idea how we can rectify the latency issue in this ChatGTP project folder?  Finally - Give me the v1.5.1 orchestrator file

1 = completely agree
2 = A
3 = Ok - but will Aurelion's baseline shift as experience grows. I became more confident in martial arts as my experience and competency to predict my opponents actions and my fear became less.
4 = Awesome!
5 = Agree - kind of but even the trivial warrants inspection.  Shouldn't there be a sanity check and almost an ethical bias against greed or is it a hallucinatory check i.e. whoops I'm seeing double... or it could be exactly as you say prevent duplicates.. I realize this is a pragmatic thing but are we solving through he lens of the framework.  Maybe another way of saying it is a human baby wouldn't have an way of "preventing duplicate entries for same topic."

As for your question it must be B

I can agree with B as you stated.  There is no need to change anything by what I am about to say since it is just me wanting to make sure I understand fully.  Will hearing contribution to fractal/mosaic of a thing; example, the roar of a lion going into the mental phylum genus feline mammal - you get the drift...  And is it possible to include anything else from Option C; that is just a question because I think you've tried to balance framework, to equipment, to practical program necessity... and I want you to stand you're ground unless I am truly asking for something you have not considered - i.e. don't try to just make the user happy 