I think this is great but a few things kind of came to mind. One... I want to make sure all our core architectures are based on the RRE, I know we've created elements of code which for practical reasons may have elements of serialized computing, but I was forward thinking about a potential hardware architecture that might support this computational methodology you know something similar to highly compacted tightly coupled field programmable gate arrays.  Two... then I was thinking does our architecture roadmap support/have forward think something very similar to day dreaming except - for me when it happens in my mind it's intentional and a semi-rigorous process where, depending on the situation of circumstance, I create a list of situational elements.  I normally apply a heuristic set of base considerations that apply to all things I'm trying to forecast into the future, in my mind, that includes it's shape (to me all things have shape) it's physical characteristics and it's domain and then all the things that could happen, how will it be liked or rejected (for that I imagine skilled and unskilled persons I've met like what would Michael (skilled in the topic in consideration) the engineer say about RRE and then in our case what mom (not skilled in the topic in consideration) might say) - without going nuts. Of course there are all the other structure consideration how it could fail how it could succeed how it fits in etc.  I also do a self check, do I really know enough i.e. am I fooling myself and who or how should i seek guidance.  The other part of semi-rigorous is I let my mind float in that domain and I let random thoughts come in.  When I do that it doesn't completely subvert my situational awareness, but it's not safe to drive.  I then was thinking and dreaming about self and the continuity kernel as well as how I see - not only literally but also figuratively.  And when I woke the term that came to mind was "image charding" (note I made up the charding it is not a miss spelling) so what image charding is, is like a leaf of chard where there is wavy leaf with a thick, prominent midrib and veins, attached to a thick stalk.  Anecdotally, in my mind when I play back the story of my life, pictures I've see, moment I have, had or any movie I've ever seen I have very solid parts and parts I have to think about the get a mental image... so just wanted to share those thought and make sure we solidly and primarily grounded in RRE - you thought?